Open Grant Proposal: KryptoSeoul Community Development (#281)
filecoin-project/devgrants: open-grant-proposals/open-proposal-kryptoseoulcommunity.md

## Open Grant Proposal: `KryptoSeoul Community Development`

**Name of Project:** KryptoSeoul Community Development in Korea

**Proposal Category:** `community`

**Proposer:** `ekang426`

**Do you agree to open source all work you do on behalf of this RFP and dual-license under MIT and APACHE2 licenses?:** Yes, only where relevant since most of the activities are community building 

# Project Description
	

> Over the course of 5 months (Aug 2021 - Dec 2021), KryptoSeoul to provide Filecoin with the following services: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the course of 5 months (Aug 2021 - Dec 2021), KryptoSeoul to undertake the following community-building services for the Filecoin Project: 
```

Advise Filecoin on potential high leverage collaborations in Korea (and/or Southeast Asia), and make the introduction - such as Kakao (GroundX/Klaytn), LINE, Samsung, LG, universities; other blockchain projects

## Value

Filecoin is trying to grow in Korea in 2021. 
KryptoSeoul will aid in the following goals:
- Grow Filecoin presence in Korea, focusing on the overall brand and visbility
- Engage and onboard more Developers and Filecoin enthusiasts in Korea through KryptoSeoul’s network
- Build 1-2 strategic partnerships with large enterprises in Korea
- Monitor Korean community feedback to advise any next steps required

Potential risks of not getting it right:
- Misinformation via miscommunication between Filecoin and KryptoSeoul, either due to language translations or others, leading to detriment to the brand

Potential risks that will make executing on this project difficult: 
- Sudden tightening of crypto landscape by Korean government (such as restricting activities)

## Deliverables

Listing out a few deliverables as below:
- Successful promotion of asia hackathon season to Korea, direction of korean developers towards tribe hackathon in Singapore

> - Filecoin profiled on The Erica Show (either Juan or Colin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filecoin profiled on The Erica Show (either Juan or Colin)
```
```suggestion
- Filecoin profiled on The Erica Show (either Juan or Colin)
```
```suggestion
- Filecoin profiled on The Erica Show (either Juan or Colin), with 4.35k YouTube subscribers
```

- Introduction to 2 potential strategic partners in Korea and help with relationship building 
- At least 1 meetup planned in Korea this year for developers
- 5 monthly recap (or report) of completed activities and feedback from Korean community by KryptoSeoul 

## Development Roadmap

Here is a tentative timeline for some of the activities, if there are additional events or conferences that Filecoin may benefit from, KryptoSeoul will add on:
 
Aug ‘21
- [community] Promotion of Filecoin Asia Hackathon Season and Filecoin official korean channels through community

> - [meet up] Preparation of developer 101 materials in Korean, plan small meetup for Sept ‘21 

Reviewer: We already have a template deck, perhaps KryptoSeoul can get this translated and add any additional Korea-specific materials.

> - Monthly report 

Reviewer: Important for monthly report to include more than a list of activities for the month — we're looking for synthesis and insights as well.
